[Music]
it's your first day hauling cargo in
abilene class heavy freighter and you
have one simple job
you turn the tractor beam on when you're
told and switch it off once the freight
is in the cargo hold simple enough right
then out of nowhere the spacecraft jolts
forward and you hear an explosion that
sends you sailing your head hits the
floor with a thud and when you start to
come back around you hear it that deep
Bunn mistakable mechanical inhale and
exhale of the one-and-only Darth Vader
you have only one thing on your mind
our ships being rated by Vader and his
minions how am I going to get out of
this alive of course Darth Vader wasn't
always a dark and menacing Sith Lord
long before Senator Palpatine aka Darth
Sidious turned him to the dark side of
the force
Vader was just a smug kid named Anakin
Skywalker
after being liberated in a bet on a
podrace by Jedi Master qui-gon jinn in
his particular set of skills young
Anakin found himself thrust into a
battle for the state of the galaxy after
qui-gon discovered that the boy was
flush with midi-chlorians and believed
him to be the prophesized bringer of
balance to the force
and before you come down on me too hard
about how done the concept of the force
being reduced to a symbiotic microscopic
life-form please know I'm with you on
that anyway
Anakin Skywalker grows up begins his
training as a Jedi under qui-gon former
student obi-wan Kenobi and falls in love
with a princess turned queen turned
galactic senator named Padme Amidala if
you saw the movies you know the story
and if not well that's nutshell there
are more complexities in that and
they're about as thrilling as watching
c-span for months on end so we'll keep
skipping at Palpatine manipulates
Anakin's fears of losing Padme
thus splitting his allegiances with the
Jedi and after duking it out with
lightsabers on a lava planet obi-wan
leaves Anakin limbless
and for dead the now Emperor Palpatine
saves Anakin by attaching what's left of
him to a bunch of robot parts
misinformed him that he killed his love
Amidala and with an embarrassingly lame
Oh Darth Vader was born in the years
that followed the Empire rose to rule
the galaxy with an iron fist and Darth
Vader became the Emperor's primary
enforcer to help tighten his grip I know
I know we've all seen the movies I mean
Star Wars is only the second
highest-grossing film franchise of all
time right behind the Marvel movies and
just in front of the Wizarding World of
Harry Potter how is any of this going to
help me survive an attack by the biggest
baddest dude in the known galaxy it's a
reasonable question asked by kids and
adults alike since 1977 but you gotta
know your enemy now for the battle first
off to beat a Jedi you've got to be a
Jedi right the dark side light side it's
gonna take a lot more than being able to
handle a blaster to make it out of this
in one piece that being said you don't
just become a Jedi overnight I mean not
unless you were born with an abnormally
high midi-chlorian count that is back on
earth in the real world you could do
this by moving to Australia based on the
2011 census over 65 thousand people
there claim to be members of the Jedi
Order or maybe consider Texas where the
Temple of the Jedi Order was registered
in 2007 and even granted IRS tax
exemption in 2015 how exactly one
becomes trained in the Jedi arts in
Texas is less than clear but I bet they
have bigger lightsabers actually in
February 2000 nineteen the French
Fencing Federation officially began to
recognize lightsaber dueling as a
competitive sport giving it the same
status as the traditional sabers and
foils used in the Olympic Games
naturally the light-up polycarbonite
lightsabers won't be any match for the
plasma based energy blade wielded by
lord Vader but it's still pretty cool to
think that one of these years she'll
turn on the Olympics and see folks in
fencing gear doing their thing in a much
cooler way that you ever could using
flashlight beams with your friends when
you were again but if you're a child
aged four to twelve you can go to Disney
World Hollywood studios and join the
Jedi training academy even though a lot
of Disney theme park locations have
closed the program over the past few
years plus would you be working on this
freighter ship as a preteen okay
the details anyway now known as Jedi
training trials of the temple the
20-minute stage show allows younglings
to Don Shetty robes and lightsabers and
face down all kinds of notorious
villains from the Star Wars galaxy
including Darth Maul and of course Vader
himself how cool is that if that had
been around when I was a kid I probably
would have driven my parents and that's
constantly begging them to sign me up
but I digress they do that let's get out
of the real world and back to the
problem in hand you've got to survive a
battle with a Sith Lord my first thought
would be to go for that chest plate I
mean what do all those lights and
buttons do one of them has to be an off
button right while Vader may be more
machine now than man twisted and evil I
still find it very unlikely you'd get
any further than arm's length before
you're being forced choked in midair
playing possum might be an option just
keep your eyes closed and hope you don't
have the sneeze while he's walking past
you just got to go completely unnoticed
of course being so strong with the force
means Vader doesn't just see with his
eyes behind those dark tinted lenses on
his helmet a Jedi looks with his
feelings and the more scared you are and
I'm sure you'd be terrified in this
scenario Darth Vader will still know
you're there whether or not he cares
enough to do anything about it is
another story entirely
so just maybe if you were
non-threatening enough Vader will pass
you by and leave you to see a second day
of work on the ship assuming he doesn't
blow it up once he's back in his super
advanced TIE fighter that is of course
there could be a third way out as the
saying goes if you can't beat them join
them
and let's be real your chances of
survival with Darth Vader are slim to
none I mean the guy chokes people
without even touching them I doubt he
carries a DNA kit around to verify your
midi-chlorian count but if you have the
potential would be an ally on the dark
side no doubt he'll be able to sense it
even if you don't have the genetic
makeup of a future SIF Lord perhaps you
have what it takes to be a stormtrooper
and if you're the nonviolent type and
none of that is for you even the Death
Star needs a maintenance crew that trash
compactor isn't gonna fill itself hey
maybe you could even get Vader to come
over to the bright side yeah how do you
think you'd bear if you found yourself
face to face with Darth Vader let me
know if I missed any other plans of
action down in the comments if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like share it with a friend
and here comes some more cool videos to
check out from a bright side of life